BEFORE PURCHASING A LICENSE FOR THAIPHOON BURNER, IT IS STRONGLY RECOMMENDED
TO BE AWARE OF THE FOLLOWING:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. The first time you run Thaiphoon Burner on Windows 7/8/10 with enabled UAC, 
please let the driver to be installed by selecting the “Run as administrator” 
command of a context menu of Thaiphoon.exe file.

2. WARNING! Samsung, Hynix, Elixir/Nanya, Silicon Power, Crucial (SO-DIMM),
Patriot (SO-DIMM) and Micron Technology are used to write-protect the first 
128 bytes of the 2-Kbit SPD EEPROM chip for all DDR2/DDR3 DRAM modules and 
the first 384 bytes of the 4-Kbit SPD EEPROM of all DDR4 DRAM modules. This 
limitation does not allow changing JEDEC timings, frequencies and other 
technical parameters of the module. However, you can write one or two XMP 
profiles to the user programmble area of SPD.

3. Before purchasing a license, please make sure your DRAM modules are not 
write-protected. Otherwise you will not be paid a refund. You can use Data 
Protection Test (EEPROM -> Data Protection Test) to ensure the SPD EEPROM 
chip of your modules is not write-protected. Thaiphoon Burner does not have 
tools to clear SPD write protection.

4. WARNING! It is not possible to read and write SPD with Thaiphoon Burner 
when running from within a virtual machine. 

5. In order to generate your license MyCommerce/Share-It! Service requires 
from you to provide the Registration Number of your Thaiphoon Burner DEMO 
copy. Otherwise, you will not obtain your licensing information and the 
download link to the full version of the program.

6. Make sure Thaiphoon Burner is capable of reading SPD. Otherwise it is not
recommended to purchase a license since Showshock Softnology will unable to 
pay a refund in this case.

7. This software does not fix hardware failures of RGB-capable DDR4 DRAM modules 
like Trident Z or Vengeance RGB. The program can restore corrupted SPD data to 
the initial state only.

8. To be able to receive answers from support@softnology.biz, please add this
email address to the list of permitted emails. Please take into consideration 
that Showshock Softnology does not reply to emails registered at hotmail.com, 
outlook.com and live.com.